hello I am communist tell you today
how to make a pepper sauce a green one
Pepper sauce for this we popular
bit of butter a bit greener
pepper no frog a relief and
a little bit mill
At the beginning, we were just my mother
In the pot then we leave that
butter gets a bit hotter until he is
is liquid and then we will be the
insert green pepper
so now our pepper is ours
Mother hot can I get the green pepper
sony we can add about 10
minutes
so advertise we have to take care
if the hit is too hot when you are
start to explode
so that they are okay so far as I take
a bit of flour and to combine that
how it looks for that I pack my
cattle from
so it's done a bit so far
Do not forget to season with salt
a little crème fraiche and the matter
to refine and so is ours
resource finished leave your kitchen
live miracle petit